Welcome to my website,
Kleiderordnung Berlin.
I'm Tina, the founder,
and I work as a stylist with
a focus on sustainability.
You can't book wild shopping trips
with me,
but we'll start together
at your wardrobe
with my
Wardrobe Deep Dive,
because there's nothing
more sustainable
than getting creative with
what you already own.
Thanks to my
enthusiasm for second-hand,
vintage, and flea market pieces,
I was lucky enough to
discover my talent
for getting creative with
a wide variety of pieces and
putting a consistent look
together.
If you think: "wow,
I need Tina
by my side",
but you're concerned
"Oh, am I prepared well enough?
Do I already have
a clear vision?
Do I know all about trends?
Does the scale show what
I was hoping for?"
then I can ease your worries.
Just come as you are,
as you are in your life
right now.
I am very much looking forward
to meeting you.
If you're really keen
on something new,
that work well with
what you already own
then we'll be happy to look for
second-hand alternatives or visit
a high-quality vintage boutique or a
fair fashion store like this one together.
If you think this is exactly right for you,
I look forward to getting to know you!